hi I'm Dean Evans game designer on Sveta
cell conviction you're about to see an
exclusive watering video of our new game
my objective here is the black arrow
officer there you can see the last known
position this is where the enemy last
saw me an early design choice was to
deliver conviction story as seamlessly
as possible and interrogations are a
great way of doing this tell me what I
need to know that I might not snap your
neck
another way to delivered conviction
story in a seamless fashion is by
projecting movies and text into the
game's environment see they all don't
say while keeping what's always been
called in splinter cell conviction
allows for a faster and more instinctive
gameplay experience Sam's new sonar
goggles have been designed to be totally
integrated into the game plate loop you
can spot your enemies even behind walls
and objects mark them and then take them
down
here is a good example of a stealth
approach to a situation using the sticky
cam the new sticky cam allows me to spot
and mark enemies way before they even
know I mean now we need to find a good
position where we can gain the ability
to execute
now one of the other things that sticky
cam can be useful you can be used to
blow up unsuspecting enemies so for this
room it's pretty crowded I'm going to
take a much more offensive and
aggressive approach
oh I hope you enjoyed this new sneak
peek of our redefined Splinter Cell
experience new fast-paced gameplay
cutting edge immersion and a Sam Fisher
like you've never seen before